Add some links and fix typos (#3404)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: README.md

### Troubleshooting <a id="troubleshooting"></a>

> This module builds on top of [`deltachat-core-rust`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-core-rust), which in turn has external dependencies. Instructions below assumes a Linux system (e.g. Ubuntu 18.10).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module builds on top of [`deltachat-core-rust`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-core-rust), which in turn has external dependencies. The instructions below assume a Linux system (e.g. Ubuntu 18.10).
```

Then try running `npm install` again.

> Make sure that your nodejs version is `16.0.0` or newer.

Author: Node v16 has reached end of life

Reviewer 2: electron 22 (which we use) still uses node 16: https://www.electronjs.org/blog/electron-22-0

Reviewer 2: so I think it's better to do that later as part of #3381 also to really change it we need to update all occurrences and ci files.

Author: > electron 22 (which we use) still uses node 16: https://www.electronjs.org/blog/electron-22-0

This is really unrelated imo

> so I think it's better to do that later as part of #3381 also to really change it we need to update all occurrences and ci files.

Much better argument! I'll tweak this and make a separate PR for all node 16 thingies :smile:

Reviewer 2: > This is really unrelated imo

not really, the version electron ships is the one the code actually runs with.

Author: > > This is really unrelated imo
> 
> not really, the version electron ships is the one the code actually runs with.

So then it doesn't matter what node version you're running.

Make sure that your nodejs version is `18.0.0` or newer.

> If you still get errors look at the instructions in the deltchat-node and

Author: Typo + add link

> deltachat-rust-core README files to set things up **or write an issue**.

Author: It's really deltachat-core-rust + add link

Author: Add link to creating a new issue

> If you still get errors look at the instructions in the [`deltachat-node`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-node) and [`deltachat-core-rust`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-core-rust) README files to set things up [`or write an issue`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-desktop/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: deltachat-node was moved into the core repo
